[BULK UPDATES] DocuTune - Fix build validation issues: docs-link-absolute (#960)
OfficeDev/skype-docs: Skype/Trusted-Application-API/samples/AnonMeetingJoinSamples/README.md

---

# About these samples

> The Trusted Application API is a Rest API that enables developers to build Skype for Business Online back-end communications services for the cloud.  The Trusted Application API Samples contain samples for the backend Trusted Application and samples for how to interact with the trusted application from a client-side browser using the Skype Web SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Trusted Application API is a REST API that enables developers to build Skype for Business Online back-end communications services for the cloud.  The Trusted Application API Samples contain samples for the backend Trusted Application and samples for how to interact with the trusted application from a client-side browser using the Skype Web SDK.
```

The Trusted Application sample deploys to an Azure Cloud Service and:

- Permits anonymous sign-in

> - Creation of an adhoc meeting URL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Creates an adhoc meeting URL
```

The sample Web SDK application interacts with the Trusted Application sample and contains two demos:

> - Getting an anon application token from the Trusted Application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Get an anon application token from the Trusted Application
```

> - Getting an adhoc meeting URL from the Trusted Application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Get an adhoc meeting URL from the Trusted Application
```

> - Using the anon application token to join Anonymously into a Skype for Business Online meeting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the anon application token to join Anonymously into a Skype for Business Online meeting
```

- Enabling audio/video in an anonymously-joined Skype for Business Online meeting

## Prerequisites

> 1. Download [Azure SDK v2.9](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=746481) or above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download [Azure SDK v2.9](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=746481).
```

Reviewer: We don't use "above" to refer to other versions. Please specify if you're referring to all previous versions, or later versions.

> 2. Create a Cloud Service from Azure and give it a name to reserve a `*.cloudapp.net` URL. Refer to [Azure Cloud Services documentation](/azure/cloud-services/) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create a Cloud Service from Azure and give it a name to reserve a `*.cloudapp.net` URL. For more details, see [Azure Cloud Services documentation](/azure/cloud-services/).
```

>    > The Trusted Application API requires the use of SSL and https for your cloud service.  You will need to create a DNS CName that points to your `*.cloudapp.net` cloud service to give it a custom domain. Refer to [Configuring a custom domain name for an Azure cloud service](/azure/cloud-services/cloud-services-custom-domain-name-portal) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The Trusted Application API requires the use of SSL and https for your cloud service.  You'll need to create a DNS CName that points to your `*.cloudapp.net` cloud service to give it a custom domain. For details, see [Configuring a custom domain name for an Azure cloud service](/azure/cloud-services/cloud-services-custom-domain-name-portal).
```

> 3. Use the [quick registration tool](https://aka.ms/skypeappregistration) for registering Skype for Business Trusted Applications in Azure and Skype for Business Online, that eliminates the need to register an Application manually in Azure portal. Optionally, you can manually register your application in Azure Portal, where you will get a Client ID and set an App ID URI. Refer to [Registration in Azure Active Directory](https://github.com/OfficeDev/skype-docs/tree/master/Skype/Trusted-Application-API/docs/RegistrationInAzureActiveDirectory.md) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Use the [quick registration tool](https://aka.ms/skypeappregistration) to register Skype for Business Trusted Applications in Azure and Skype for Business Online. This eliminates the need to register an application manually in Azure portal. Optionally, you can manually register your application in Azure Portal, where you'll get a Client ID and set an App ID URI. For details, see [Registration in Azure Active Directory](https://github.com/OfficeDev/skype-docs/tree/master/Skype/Trusted-Application-API/docs/RegistrationInAzureActiveDirectory.md).
```

4. Register Trusted Endpoints in a Skype for Business Online tenant using PowerShell. Refer to [Setting up a Trusted Application Endpoint](https://github.com/OfficeDev/skype-docs/tree/master/Skype/Trusted-Application-API/docs/TrustedApplicationEndpoint.md) for details.

> 5. Provide consent: When the application is registered in AAD, it is registered in the context of a tenant.  For a tenant to use the Service Application, for example, when the application is developed as a multi-tenant application, it must be consented to by that tenant's admin. Refer to [Tenant Admin Consent](https://github.com/OfficeDev/skype-docs/tree/master/Skype/Trusted-Application-API/docs/TenantAdminConsent.md) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. When the application is registered in AAD, it's registered in the context of a tenant. For a tenant to use the Service Application, for example, when the application is developed as a multi-tenant application, that tenant's admin must provide consent. For details, see [Tenant admin consent](https://github.com/OfficeDev/skype-docs/tree/master/Skype/Trusted-Application-API/docs/TenantAdminConsent.md).
```

6. Deploy the the client (anonymous webpage) code contained in the `WebsiteSamples` folder to a web server (e.g. IIS on localhost, or Azure App Service to deploy to `*.azurewebsites.net`).

> 7. Create Azure storage used to save event messages from Platform Service, where you will get an account name and account key. Refer to [this link](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles/storage-create-storage-account/) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Create Azure storage used to save event messages from Platform Service, where you will get an account name and account key. For details, see [Create a storage account](/azure/storage/common/storage-account-create).
```

> 8. Create Azure service bus for the process of saving the event messages to storage, from where you will get connection string. Refer to [this link](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles/service-bus-dotnet-get-started-with-queues/) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Create Azure Service Bus for the process of saving the event messages to storage, and getting the connection string. For details, see [Get started with Azure Service Bus queues (.NET)](/azure/service-bus-messaging/service-bus-dotnet-get-started-with-queues).
```

## Deployment

> Once you have satisfied the prerequisites, it is time to configure the Trusted Application source code and deploy it to the Azure Cloud Service created in step 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you've satisfied the prerequisites, it's time to configure the Trusted Application source code and deploy it to the Azure Cloud Service created in Step 2.
```

If you plan on pointing a custom domain or subdomain to your `*.cloudapp.net` server, use that FQDN as your base URL. Otherwise, use `resourcename.cloudapp.net` as your base URL, as created in step 2.

### Trusted Application Agent

1. Clone code from the samples repo.

> 2. Build the solution (NuGet packages will be restored)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Build the solution (NuGet packages will be restored).
```

3. Edit the `ServiceConfiguration.Prod.cscfg` file, substituting `[parameters]` as follows:

    ```xml
    <ConfigurationSettings>
      <!-- Replace base.url with your app's url; as registered on Azure -->

>       <!--This is optional. only needed if you want to leverage the AzureDiagnosticLogger which log all traces in azure diagnostic storage table

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <!--Optional. Only needed if you want to leverage the AzureDiagnosticLogger which log all traces in azure diagnostic storage table.
```

>       if you have other storage to store your trace, this is not needed. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      If you have other storage to store your trace, this is not needed. -->
```

---

# About these samples

The Trusted Application API is a Rest API that enables developers to build Skype for Business Online back-end communications services for the cloud.  The Trusted Application API Samples contain samples for the backend Trusted Application and samples for how to interact with the trusted application from a client-side browser using the Skype Web SDK.

The Trusted Application sample deploys to an Azure Cloud Service and:

- Permits anonymous sign-in
- Creation of an adhoc meeting URL

The sample Web SDK application interacts with the Trusted Application sample and contains two demos:

- Getting an anon application token from the Trusted Application
- Getting an adhoc meeting URL from the Trusted Application
- Using the anon application token to join Anonymously into a Skype for Business Online meeting
- Enabling audio/video in an anonymously-joined Skype for Business Online meeting

> ## Getting started

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: This heading adds no value.

      <Setting name="LogFullHttpRequestResponse" value="true" />
    </ConfigurationSettings>
    ```

4. Update the `EnableCorsAttribute.cs` file from `FrontEnd` project to allow CORS requests on your Base URL:

    ```c#
    // Add allowed origins.
    _policy.Origins.Add("http://localhost");
    _policy.Origins.Add("https://base.url"); // Replace base.url with your app's url; as registered on Azure
    ```

5. Publish the application (right-click `PlatformServiceSamplesAzureService` and select *Publish...*) using the *Production* slot

When visiting your base URL (e.g. `https://name.cloudapp.net`), the expected response is a simple 403.

### Client webpage

> You will need to modify the `WebsiteSamples\scripts\index.js` file and replace `https://[name].cloudapp.net` with your trusted agent's base URL. You will need to modify the `WebsiteSamples\Samples\scripts\sign-in.js' file and replace InviteTargetUri 'toshm@metio.onmicrsoft.com' with your valid user in your own tenant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll need to modify the `WebsiteSamples\scripts\index.js` file and replace `https://[name].cloudapp.net` with your trusted agent's base URL. You'll also need to modify the `WebsiteSamples\Samples\scripts\sign-in.js' file and replace InviteTargetUri 'toshm@metio.onmicrsoft.com' with your valid user in your own tenant.
```
